---
title: Summer Itinerary 2 (6 nights & 7 days)
permalink: /itinerary/2/
---

### Starts from Rs. 13,399/- per person*

### Guwahati – Cherrapunjee – Mawlynnong – Shillong – Guwahati

#### Day 1: Arrive Guwahati

Arrive Lokopriya Gopinath Bordoloi Airport. On arrival you will be met by our representative and transferred to the hotel. Guwahati is the gateway to the entire Northeast region of India and also a major commercial hub. Afternoon sightseeing of Guwahati visiting Srimanta Shankerdev Kalashetra, a multi art complex portraying the rich cultural diversity and life of Assam as well as the North East region. This art complex has been named after the greatest Vaishnava saint and integrator of the Assamese society Srimanta Shankerdeva. Overnight at the hotel.

#### Day 2: Guwahati – Cherrapunjee

Today after breakfast drive to Cherrapunjee (165km/6hrs) world renowned for being once the wettest place on earth. On the way visit the Shillong Peak (1965 m) which offers breathtaking view of the city below. Overnight at the hotel.

#### Day 3: Cherrapunjee

Today sightseeing of Cherrapunjee. Visit the Nohsngithiang Falls, Mawsmai caves, Nohkailikai Falls. Overnight at the hotel

#### Day 4: Cherrapunjee – Mawlynnong – Shillong

This morning drive 3 hours (90 km) to Mawlynnong, one of the cleanest villages in Asia. This village borders Bangladesh and you can have a great view of the plains of Bangladesh from here. Trek to the living Root Bridge which is a real delight to see. Walk to the Bangladesh view point and explore the village and interact with the locals. Thereafter drive to Shillong. On the way, visit the Elephant falls. Overnight at the hotel.

#### Day 5: Shillong

After breakfast, sightseeing of Shillong. Visit the serene Ward’s Lake, Bidon and Bishop Falls, the Cathedral and the Museum. Afternoon free for shopping and own activities. Overnight at the hotel.

#### Day 6: Shillong – Guwahati

Morning drive back to Guwahati (110 km/ 4 hours). On arrival, check-in at the hotel. Afternoon visit the State Museum and the famous Kamakhya temple. Overnight at the hotel.

#### Day 7: Guwahati – Depart

Morning transfer to airport for your onward journey.

*Terms and conditions apply